by bringing together the power of the
oldest and most respected name in real
estate Koval banker along with all of
their advanced technology and
educational tools and the global network
with our local market strength
advertising coverage and most
importantly the very best support staff
in the business it allows us to attract
and retain the absolute best real estate
professionals in every market that we
serve our acquisition of the Coldwell
Banker brand has given us the
opportunity to bring on some of the top
agents in our region and therefore
allowed us to give the best service to
our customers whether buying or selling
as important to the core mission of Cobo
banker premier properties as market
dominance is our commitment is serving
our community is equally important to us
with full service offices in st.
Augustine Palm Coast and Ormond Beach
we're fortunate to serve seven counties
in Central and Northeast Florida and
nearly a hundred miles of Florida's most
beautiful coastline we have experts in
every office in all niches of the real
estate business from luxury waterfront
homes to first-time homebuyers
distressed properties long and short
term rentals relocation Community
Association management development
projects and everything in between
you